README.md, before:

![made-with-HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-HTML%20&%20CSS-blue?style=for-the-badge)
![Time taken](https://img.shields.io/badge/Time%20taken-03H%3A30M%3A00S-tomato?style=for-the-badge&logo=Clockify)
[![Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/See%20Demo-Visit-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=web)](https://ssn-project15.netlify.app)

# Product Design Landing Page

> Project 15

<table>
<tr>
<td>
  A landing page designed using pure HTML & CSS.
</td>
</tr>
</table>

### Skills Gained from this

- Navbar using CSS flexbox.
- Elements positioning using CSS grid, flexbox property.
- Placing HTML elements using CSS position along with z-index property.
- Wrote HTML code from scratch for this page.
- Class, tag, combinator, pseudo-class selector for HTML elements.
- Created cards for displaying contents in better formats.

### Screenshot

![15](./screenshot.png)

## Device support

This webpage is compatible with desktop screen only, and consistent improvements are being made.

## Author

<a href="https://github.com/Shashanka8"> <img src="https://github.com/github-user-name.png" alt="github-user-name" style="width:50px;"/></a>

### Bug / Feature Request

If you find a bug or to request a new feature, kindly open an issue [here](https://github.com/Shashanka8/Project-15-Product-Design-Landing-Page/issues/new).

Commit message:

Updated Readme.md and added CSS media queries for device responsive

README.md, after:

![made-with-HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-HTML%20&%20CSS-blue?style=for-the-badge)
![Time taken](https://img.shields.io/badge/Time%20taken-04H%3A30M%3A00S-tomato?style=for-the-badge&logo=Clockify)
[![Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/See%20Demo-Visit-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=web)](https://ssn-project15.netlify.app)

# Product Design Landing Page

> Project 15

<table>
<tr>
<td>
  A landing page designed using pure HTML & CSS.
</td>
</tr>
</table>

### Skills Gained from this

- Navbar using CSS flexbox.
- Elements positioning using CSS grid, flexbox property.
- Placing HTML elements using CSS position along with z-index property.
- Wrote HTML code from scratch for this page.
- Class, tag, combinator, pseudo-class selector for HTML elements.
- Created cards for displaying contents in better formats.
- Media queries to make responsive on all devices.

### Screenshot

![15](./screenshot.png)

## Device support

This webpage is compatible with desktop/tablet/mobile screens, and consistent improvements are being made.

## Author

<a href="https://github.com/Shashanka8"> <img src="https://github.com/github-user-name.png" alt="github-user-name" style="width:50px;"/></a>

### Bug / Feature Request

If you find a bug or to request a new feature, kindly open an issue [here](https://github.com/Shashanka8/Project-15-Product-Design-Landing-Page/issues/new).
